I'm not being sarcastic.
You still want to deny
You've all seen it.
Ah, that's right.
He did mock down.
He ironically couldn't afford down.
Mr. Lu, you must be the master of the down!
Miss Jiang is right
This woman is indeed ironic that she cannot afford it
I actually couldn't afford it.
This kid tried for nothing
You see everyone heard
What else do you have to say?
I'm not being sarcastic.
I'm just being honest, you really can't afford it.
Really? You?
idiom
Go brush it, okay, Mr. Lu
As long as you tell me buckwheat
I can still pay for you.
There are tens of millions of skirts here.
Are you really going to pay for me?
You are in such a hurry to find buckwheat
Of course. She's my wife.
I owe him an apology.
I know you found buckwheat to make up for him
Divorce him later
Will you marry me?